Hello,

Thank you for your efforts to follow our guidelines. There are some outstanding issues that still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment

Submission ID: 55e5afb1-2ac7-4d16-8743-e2e8a984bedf
Review date: August 05, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (101)

Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness


Issue Description

We are unable to complete the review of the app because one or more of the In-App Purchase products have not been submitted for review.

Specifically, the app includes references to subscriptions but the associated In-App Purchase products have not been submitted for review.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, submit the In-App Purchase products and upload a new binary in App Store Connect so we can proceed with our review.

Note you must provide an App Review screenshot in App Store Connect in order to submit In-App Purchases for review. Learn more about required In-App Purchase metadata.

Resources

- Learn more about how to offer In-App Purchases.
- Learn more about submitting In-App Purchases and subscriptions to App Review.
Guideline 2.3.6 - Performance - Accurate Metadata


Issue Description

The content description selected for the app’s Age Rating indicates that the app includes In-App Controls. However, we were unable to find either Parental Controls or Age Assurance mechanisms in the app.

Next Steps

If the app currently includes these features, reply to this message and let us know how to locate them.

Otherwise, update the Age Rating selections to "None" for "Parental Controls." Age Rating selections can be found on the App Information page after selecting the app in App Store Connect.

Resources

- Learn more about In-App Controls in Age ratings values and definitions.
- Learn more about age rating requirements in guideline 2.3.6.
Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness


Issue Description

The In-App Purchase products in the app exhibited one or more bugs which create a poor user experience. Specifically,  we are unable to purchase the in-app purchase. Review the details and resources below to troubleshoot this issue.

Review device details: 

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.5

Next Steps

Apple reviews In-App Purchase products in the sandbox and the In-App Purchase products do not need prior approval to function in review. Review the product configurations, complete any missing information, and test them in the sandbox.

To offer In-App Purchases in the app, implement the StoreKit framework and the Account Holder must also accept the Paid Apps Agreement in the Business section of App Store Connect. Confirm you have a Paid Apps Agreement in effect.

If you still need assistance after completing the steps and reviewing the resources, visit the Apple Developer Forums. If you can’t find an answer from an existing thread, start a new thread with your question to get guidance from Apple engineers and other developers.

Resources

Learn more about app completeness requirements in guideline 2.1(b).
Support

- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Test on the latest betas

Betas of iOS 27, iPadOS 27, macOS 27, tvOS 27 and visionOS 27 are now available. Download the latest betas to prepare your app for upcoming software releases. Learn more about installing and using Apple beta software.

Request a phone call from App Review

At your request, we can arrange for an Apple Representative to call you within the next three to five business days to discuss your App Review issue.

Request a call to discuss your app's review
