Yes. At this point, I would authorize the temporary /api/db-probe endpoint.
The reason is simple: Replit has reached the limit of what can be learned from outside the running Railway container, and the current logs cannot distinguish between:
the request never reaching Railway, or
the request reaching Railway and hanging on the first database operation.
The probe is now the smallest controlled change that can close that exact gap.
Send Replit this:
I authorize one temporary diagnostic endpoint only:
GET /api/db-probe
Requirements:
It must run a simple SELECT 1 using the same database pool and database object used by the authentication routes.
It must enforce a hard 3-second timeout.
It may return only:
connected: true | false
elapsedMs
sanitized error name/code/message
database host category only, such as internal or public, not the full connection string
It must not return or log:
DATABASE_URL
usernames
passwords
tokens
SSL credentials
environment variables
Protect the endpoint with a temporary secret header or admin-only authorization so it is not publicly callable by anyone who finds the URL.
Do not modify DATABASE_URL, SSL settings, pool configuration, authentication code, or any other route.
Commit the change separately and provide the commit ID before deployment.
Deploy once to Railway only. No mobile build and no store submission are required.
Run the probe once against the live deployment, provide the result, then stop.
Remove the endpoint immediately after the diagnosis is complete.
Do not make the underlying fix until I review the probe result.
What each result means
connected: true
Then the running API container can reach the database through its current pool. That means the investigation moves into:
ORM query behavior;
pool state after startup;
a route-specific issue;
middleware;
or deployed-code differences.
Do not change DATABASE_URL.
Timeout or DNS/connectivity error
That proves the API container cannot establish the database connection using its current environment. Then we can choose the least disruptive infrastructure fix with evidence.
Connection succeeds but query errors
That points toward:
schema permissions;
SSL configuration;
wrong database;
or a deployment/runtime mismatch.
The important part is that we will finally have an observation from inside the running application, rather than another outside inference.
