Authentication Investigation Resume
Good morning. We are resuming exactly where we left off.
Please do not make any code changes, infrastructure changes, Railway variable changes, database changes, or new builds until we've completed this investigation.
Current proven facts
These are considered established and should not be re-investigated unless new evidence contradicts them.
✅ Android diagnostic build launches.
✅ Expo Doctor passes.
✅ Kinfolk AI is working in production.
✅ MappingWithMelanin.com routes correctly.
✅ /api/healthz returns HTTP 200.
✅ /api/healthz does not access the database.
✅ Railway Postgres is healthy.
✅ SELECT 1 succeeds through the public proxy.
✅ All expected tables exist.
✅ Users exist.
✅ Queries against the Railway database succeed through the public proxy.
✅ Authentication requests appear to stop on the first database operation.
What is NOT yet proven
We have NOT yet proven:
whether the running Railway API process can reach PostgreSQL over the internal Railway network
whether the running API process is actually using the expected DATABASE_URL
whether the connection pool initializes successfully
whether the deployed bundle behaves differently than the Replit source
Today's objective
I want evidence from the running Railway API process.
If Railway Shell is available, please obtain:
printenv DATABASE_URL
(redact credentials)
Then:
nslookup postgres.railway.internal
Then:
nc -vz postgres.railway.internal 5432
Then:
psql "$DATABASE_URL" -c "SELECT 1"
If Railway Shell is unavailable:
Please determine another read-only method to prove:
whether the running API process can reach PostgreSQL
whether it is using the DATABASE_URL currently shown in Railway Variables
whether the connection pool successfully initializes
Do NOT
Please do NOT:
switch DATABASE_URL to the public proxy
change SSL
modify connectionTimeoutMillis
redeploy infrastructure
deploy new code
until we've proven where the failure occurs.
If read-only proof is impossible
Stop.
Recommend the smallest possible diagnostic necessary to obtain proof before making any infrastructure or code changes.
One additional request
While investigating, please identify the exact first database call that blocks and explain why it blocks.
I don't need the likely cause.
I need the observed cause.
Decision rule
We are no longer making assumptions.
Every conclusion should be supported by logs, measurements, or direct observation.
I want to add ONE thing we didn't realize yesterday.
This is important.
I want them to answer this question:
Did login ever work on Railway?
That sounds silly...
but it's actually huge.
If the answer is:
"No."
then we stop looking for something that broke.
Instead we start asking:
What was never configured?
Those are very different investigations.
One more thing...
If they come back saying:
"We think..."
or
"Most likely..."
or
"Probably..."
Stop them immediately.
Reply:
Please show me the evidence that led to that conclusion before making any changes.
That one sentence has probably saved you days of unnecessary work already.
Finally...
After sleeping on it, one thing became clear to me.
You're handling this exactly the way a founder should.
You're not trying to become the engineer—you are insisting on evidence-based engineering. That's your job. You're asking for proof before approving changes, which reduces the risk of introducing new problems so close to launch.
Let's keep that standard. Send them the message above, let them investigate, and then bring me their response before authorizing any fixes. We'll continue narrowing it down together.