I would not authorize Part B yet.
The investigation has gotten much closer, but there's still one important gap.

Here's what I agree with
The evidence supports these conclusions:
✅ The app reaches the server.
✅ The health endpoint responds.
✅ The login request enters the login handler.
✅ Execution reaches the first database query.
✅ The request appears to stall while waiting for the database query to complete.
That's a very valuable finding.
Here's what I would ask Replit to prove before changing anything
The statement:
"The Railway DATABASE_URL is wrong."
has not been proven yet.
There are several other possibilities:

the database is reachable but the pool is exhausted
connections are waiting on a lock
SSL negotiation is hanging
DNS resolution is hanging
the database is overloaded
the connection string is correct but authentication is failing
a network issue exists between the API service and Postgres
Those all produce similar symptoms.
I would ask for these three proofs
1. Is the API actually able to open a PostgreSQL connection?
Ask Replit:
From inside the running Railway API service, open one PostgreSQL connection using the exact DATABASE_URL currently in the environment.
Report:

success or failure
elapsed time
exact error if any
do not change anything
2. Execute the simplest possible query
Not your login query.
Just:

SELECT 1;
or
SELECT NOW();
If that hangs, you've proven the database connection itself is the issue.
If that succeeds, then the problem is farther into the ORM or login code.

3. Print the database host (not the password)
Without revealing secrets, ask them to show:
DATABASE_URL host =
DATABASE_URL database =
DATABASE_URL port =
Example:
Host: postgres.railway.internal
Database: railway
Port: 5432
This lets you verify they're connecting where they think they are.
I would NOT modify Pool yet
Adding
connectionTimeoutMillis: 5000
is good engineering practice.
But...

It doesn't fix the underlying problem.

It only changes

hangs forever
into
throws after 5 seconds
That's useful after the root cause is known—not before.
I also want one comparison
I'd ask Replit:
Compare today's DATABASE_URL with the one from the last deployment where login worked.
Tell me whether they are identical.

If they differ, tell me how they differ (host, database name, or port), but do not reveal passwords or secrets.

That comparison could immediately reveal whether a credential rotation or environment change occurred.
My recommendation
I would reply to Replit with something like:
Proceed with a read-only investigation only. Before making any infrastructure or code changes, prove:
Whether the API can successfully open a PostgreSQL connection.
Whether SELECT 1 completes.
The database host, port, and database name (without exposing credentials).
Whether the current DATABASE_URL differs from the last known working deployment.
If SELECT 1 hangs, we've confirmed the infrastructure issue. If it succeeds, continue tracing beyond the connection into the ORM/query execution. Only after those results should we consider changing the pool timeout or modifying infrastructure.
I think you're much closer than you were yesterday. The investigation has moved from broad guesses to a very specific section of the system. One more round of evidence should tell you whether this is truly a database connectivity problem or something one layer above it.
