P0 PRODUCTION DATA OUTAGE — CONTROLLED INCIDENT INVESTIGATION
The latest report identifies pool exhaustion as a possible cause, but it is not yet confirmed.
Do not modify authentication, database schema, mobile source, or unrelated application logic.
Do not start another EAS build.
Required evidence
Use Railway runtime access and production-safe diagnostics to determine:
Whether the API process has one or multiple pg.Pool instances.
The live values of:
pool.totalCount
pool.idleCount
pool.waitingCount
Whether Drizzle and /api/db-probe use the exact same pool object.
Whether any connection is checked out and not released.
Whether updateSession() creates unbounded background database work.
Whether the pool emits:
connect
acquire
release
remove
error
events as expected.
The exact last completed line for one timed-out:
/api/businesses?limit=1
/api/cultural-sites?limit=1
valid /api/auth/register
The relevant Railway runtime logs for those requests.
PostgreSQL’s current view of connections and waits using read-only queries such as:
SELECT state, count(*)
FROM pg_stat_activity
WHERE datname = current_database()
GROUP BY state;
and, where permitted:
SELECT pid, state, wait_event_type, wait_event,
       now() - query_start AS duration,
       left(query, 200) AS query
FROM pg_stat_activity
WHERE datname = current_database()
ORDER BY query_start;
Whether any locks or long-running transactions are present.
Controlled recovery
After capturing evidence, if pool exhaustion is confirmed:
restart api-server, not Postgres, to clear the application pool;
verify all DB-backed endpoints recover;
do not treat the restart as the permanent fix.
Permanent repair proposal
Return the smallest safe proposal covering:
bounded session-renewal queries;
prevention of fire-and-forget DB work accumulating;
pool statistics and alerts;
reliable acquisition and statement timeouts;
explicit 503 responses when DB capacity is unavailable;
rate limiting and retry behavior;
a DB-backed readiness check separate from /api/healthz;
load testing at 50, 100, and 500 simulated users.
Do not implement until the evidence and exact diff are approved.
End with one of:
✅ POOL EXHAUSTION CONFIRMED
✅ DIFFERENT ROOT CAUSE CONFIRMED
⚠️ ROOT CAUSE STILL UNPROVEN
Include the evidence supporting the verdict.
What should have been normal by now
At this stage, every build should have passed these gates first:
Production registration, login, businesses, cultural sites, and Kinfolk return successfully.
The correct EAS mobile project and commit are proven.
iOS and Android development builds complete the critical flows.
The release contract tells you exactly what will and will not be present.
A paid production build happens only after those checks are green.
What you are experiencing is not a sign that your expectations are too high. It is a sign that the release and production-observability process needs to mature immediately.
The current priority is not Build 93. It is restoring stable production database-backed routes and proving they remain stable under repeated requests. Until that happens, no mobile build can be meaningfully tested.