Sort:Recommended

Duke's Cafe
1. Duke's Cafe

4.9 (31 reviews)
HorshamClosed until 7:30 AM

Black-owned

On their website: black

"Friendly folks! Great food! Music that is both relaxing and energizing?! A superb little café tucked away with indoor and outdoor seating!" more

Breakfast & Brunch

Cafes

Vegetarian
 Bronzing & Sugaring Studio
2.  Bronzing & Sugaring Studio

4.8 (32 reviews)
Hatboro$$Closed until 10:00 AM

Black-owned

On their website: black

"I went for my first spray tan with Evelyn last night and couldn't wait to see my results so I could leave a great review. Evelyn's personality alone…" more

Spray Tanning

Sugaring

Eyebrow Services
Cyrenity Sips Winery
3. Cyrenity Sips Winery

5.0 (4 reviews)
HatboroClosed until Friday

Black-owned

On their website: black owned

"I went here on a date with my partner because we were gifted a wine tasting from family. The experience overall was very nice and the variety was…" more

Wineries
StyleAndBeauty Bar
4. StyleAndBeauty Bar

5.0 (6 reviews)
Abington$$Closed until 9:00 AM

Black-owned

"Omgggg. So glad i found a place so close to home that actually does an amazing job with lashes. I was pretty nervous coming here honestly because I'm…" more

Eyelash Service

Makeup Artists

Eyebrow Services
Razor Reese’s Salon
5. Razor Reese’s Salon

3.6 (7 reviews)
Hatboro$$Closed until 11:00 AM

Black-owned

"Razor Reese's-Salon is the best in the area!! The shop is well maintained and the staff is always professional." more

Hair Salons

Cosmetics & Beauty Supply

Wigs
Nothing Bundt Cakes
6. Nothing Bundt Cakes

4.4 (28 reviews)
WarringtonClosed until 9:00 AM

Black-owned

"Once again I ordered 2 dozen bundtinis. I had them for Easter 2023. I just went to pick up my order. They have a great system for pick up A person…" more

Bakeries

Desserts

Cupcakes
Handi Boyz
7. Handi Boyz

4.4 (43 reviews)
AmblerClosed until 7:00 AM




Black-owned

"Work done was excellent as was the worker, KJ. The price was more than reasonable as well." more
Handi Boyz Sand the floor and polish
Half Round Gutter Repair in Mt Airy Philadelphia
Fascia Repair and Gutter installation
Installing new gutter in Norristown

Gutter Services

Painters

Decks & Railing
AnBrea's Beauty Salon
8. AnBrea's Beauty Salon

5.0 (9 reviews)
Abington$$Closed until 9:00 AM

Black-owned

"I was looking for an African American salon in this area and was hoping for an easy and relaxing experience where I'd like the result with my shoulder..." more

Blow Dry/Out Services

Hair Stylists
Williano's Detailing
9. Williano's Detailing

4.5 (2 reviews)
Willow GroveClosed until 9:00 AM

Black-owned

"Will is amazing. Our car looks like new. He got out stains that were years old. Never imagined he'd be able to get such an old car looking as good as…" more

Auto Detailing
Cancer Fighting Lawn Care
10. Cancer Fighting Lawn Care

5.0 (2 reviews)
Willow GroveOpen all day

Black-owned

"Recently i hurt my back and was unable to take care of my lawn. I reached out to a few companies in the area and Omar was quick to respond and was…" more
