APPROVED NEXT STEP — MAP DIAGNOSTIC OTA + SAFE DATABASE EVIDENCE
The evidence report is accepted. The EXPO_PUBLIC_DOMAIN and cultural-site response-format findings are cleared. Do not make changes for either item.
PR-A — Temporary map diagnostic navigation
Prepare one narrow OTA-safe PR that adds a temporary entry in Settings or Profile:
router.push('/map-diagnostic')
Requirements:
Label it clearly as “Map Diagnostic — Beta.”
Show it only for an administrator account or behind an existing developer/debug condition if one already exists.
Do not modify map-diagnostic.tsx.
Do not modify FullMapView.
Do not change map libraries, providers, keys, permissions or API endpoints.
Do not include unrelated wording, layout or feature changes.
Confirm it is JS-only and compatible with Build 94’s current runtime.
Provide the exact PR diff before publishing the OTA.
After the OTA is installed, I will test and report:
whether Apple Maps tiles appear;
whether the map responds to pan and zoom;
MAP_LAYOUT;
MAP_READY;
MAP_LOADED;
whether the production Map tab remains black during the same session.
Do not create the production-map fix until this result is known.
Database evidence — no uncontrolled load test
Do not send five concurrent production requests against a five-connection pool.
Instead, propose the smallest secure diagnostic method using the existing getPoolStats() export.
The preferred option is a temporary CRON_SECRET-protected endpoint that returns only:
totalCount
idleCount
waitingCount
timestamp
It must not return:
connection strings
SQL text
credentials
user data
tokens
Also determine whether Railway’s PostgreSQL dashboard or public proxy can expose pg_stat_activity safely.
Return a controlled evidence plan that tests one route at a time and stops if pool waiting count rises.
Do not create PR-B yet
Do not implement generic try/catch around React hooks.
After the diagnostic result, identify the exact failing hook, overlay or render state. Any fix must preserve React hook ordering. Prefer:
internal asynchronous error handling inside each hook;
safe default return values;
optional child overlay components;
an error boundary;
nonblocking error UI.
Return the PR-A link and database evidence plan only.
Current decision
Proceed with the diagnostic OTA, but do not treat it as a fix. The production app remains not ready for Apple until:
the minimal map is tested,
the full-map failure is identified,
and the recurring pool exhaustion has a proven, durable fix.
The language and ownership work can stay queued behind those two issues.